I
so haven't recognized it already this
would be destiny on screen here now that
could mean I'm just putting up a video
that I got off the internet but now this
is me recording my new Playstation 4 I
am playing destiny right now well that's
not true right now I'm recording my
voice but at the time i am playing
destiny we recording with a new
avermedia game capture card on a new TV
with a whole new setup that i'm going to
show you in just a sec um but i just
wanted to tell you guys that i am still
alive i'm going to be posting videos
more often now i got all these new tools
that basically being a new setup that is
downstairs right now so um let's go over
to the picture of that so what we have
here is starting with the gigantic
option option object in the middle that
would be my TV that I just got I got I
got off all my hands on all this and one
day you'll learn more about that soon I
promise so anyway TV so this is a large
1080p nice TV not not a whole lot to say
about that then we have up down below on
the far left we have the playstation 4
which i'm loving by the way i am so glad
i have that now because it's so nice to
be able to sit back on a couch and game
it's it it's how I grew up console
gaming not PC gave me so it's it's real
that I I'm enjoying coming back to that
gaming style anyway moving on the on the
right you will see a bunch of games it
came I also got the bluetooth I don't
know if it's Bluetooth actually the
wireless headset like I you can get the
PlayStation 4 I have two remotes and
also I have the AVerMedia game capture
card I'm not sure which one is the name
of it off the top of my head but it's
not like the suit the new one that's
like super portable because I don't
really plan on going around with it too
much but that is all right it is still
very easy to use so there's that one and
that will allow me to record gameplay
videos unfortunately I cannot record
chat audio that comes to the PlayStation
4 because Chad will only play through
headphones which is a little ridiculous
I think so anyway at least I can't like
talk to someone on the PlayStation 4 and
record the full conversation
unfortunately however i can record my
mic if I wanted to so if i'm not in chat
i could plug in a mic and start
recording so anyway there is that and
then I have a bunch of games I would see
the games include destiny legendary
edition i might add um we won't just a
sins creed black flag let's get inside
the advanced warfare the last of us
inquisition battlefield hardline and I'm
missing one I can't remember oh and GTA
5 all for the PlayStation 4 so I'm gonna
be playing a lot of those games I'm
actually showing you Destiny's footage
just because I'd seem like a cool way to
start off because it's a console only
game and therefore it would show that
I'm playing on a console but actually I
don't plan on playing too much of
Destiny I played a lot of that on the
360 and it's not one except Lee not my
favorite game I've got a ridiculous
amount of issues with that game so i
might played every one small but
certainly not for them video purposes
again I don't think okay so um yep that
is the new setup I have downstairs can
be putting out more videos now am I
going to talk to that I have a couple
videos planned one of them's going to
talk about 9-10 doze now a new idea of
going into the mobile I have some things
I want to talk about their short video
and then I also want to talk about my
views on titanfall because I gave it a
really I think bad rep in my last video
and I want to kind of discount it a
little bit because I've been playing a
lot of titanfall lately so I'm going to
put out a video on that and then I also
i'm going to be putting out a video on a
hard life because i saw angry Joe's
review of it I was kind of I agree with
him on a lot of points but there's
certainly a lot of things I don't
necessarily agree with because I am
enjoying the game a lot I'd kind of like
to talk about that
so tonight i plan on those videos coming
up if my name is amex if you guys don't
know as you could see and subscribe to
my channel if you haven't already
definitely going to be some cool videos
coming up new gameplay new opinions on
things check me out subscribe like this
video some more people can see it thank
you just a little bit further let's hope
there's something